---
title: v0.61.4
tags: [Improvements, Bug fixes]
---

# Memotron v0.61.4
<div align="right">*Sep 26, 2025*</div>

- Improved `Esc` shortcut for closing popups where the escape shortcut was interfering with text box and other elements. Now you can use `Cmd/Ctrl + Esc` as the shortcut to close any pop-up in the application.
- Added a new shortcut to switch between tabs in any screen on the app. Just use `Tab` to switch between the tabs like in global search or tasks panel etc.
- Improved search results prioritization to show Markdown and other important node types first, and then show other less important search results at the end.
- Improved close button for resources when opened in full screen or on mobile devices.
- Improved UI responsiveness on initial onboarding screen.
- Improved graph page UI and responsiveness.
- Improved UI responsiveness for calendar settings pop-up.
- Other UI and responsiveness improvements.

## Bug fixes
- Fixed a critical issue where the app was crashing since the last update when closing global search
- Fixed an issue where closing resources sometimes redirects to a blank page.
- Fixed an issue where, when collapsing the visible properties, the property count was showing as zero always.
- Fixed an issue where the tabs were unable to close on touch devices due to the lack of the ability to close the tab.
- Fixed an issue where creating a new collection would show the collection in global search, but upon click, it would not open the newly added collection.
- Fixed an issue where sometimes the properties count on the collection page was flickering.
- Fixed an issue where the cover photo picker for collection page wasn't showing properly for iPad devices when in portrait mode.
- Fixed an issue where opening an embedded image or other embed nodes, editing the title or any other information in that node, and then closing the node wouldn't reflect the changes immediately in markdown when the markdown is opened in tab mode.
- Fixed an issue where sometimes Markdown save from capture wasn't working and getting stuck on the saving screen on the macOS app.
- Fixed an issue where searching in link box on capture or searching for mentions in Markdown wasn't working properly and wasn't performant on macOS app.
- Fixed an issue where saving calendar notes on one device and then opening calendar notes on a different device (which was not synced for a while) would erase the newly written calendar notes sometimes.
- Fixed an issue where once a node is captured, the captured drafts are still showing in drafts.
- Fixed an issue where the link box in the node links panel would allow adding the node to a collection.
- Other minor bug fixes.