---
title: ✳︎ v0.58.0
tags: [Bug fixes, Improvements, New]
---
<div align="right">*Feb 03, 2025*</div>


# v0.58.0 - mobile app improvements, new library layout and more

### Markdown editing improvements on mobile

- Keyboard toolbar with handy shortcuts for improved editing experience

- Improved block browser on mobile

- Added an ability to select a block by swiping from left

### Improved layout for library

Keeping our vision for Nucleus in mind, we made a few changes to Library page. The new design not only enhanced cohesiveness with other apps in the suite like Pointron, Selftron (future) but also improved ease-of-use.

### Rating property - configurable scale

Rating property can now be configured to have 3, 5, 10 or custom scale.

### Other small improvements

- Unsplash integration to select cover photo for collections from Unsplash, improved choosing cover photo from library.

- Further improved initial app loading time so that quick capture will not have to wait for sync to complete.

- Improved loading performance for media files like images, audio and PDF.

- New app menu which is fixed and with labels. This reduces the space app menu occupies and also reduces cognitive load for the user.

- Twitter node will now show full tweet details and media like images etc.

- Improved response time for default recent results in search bar, mention search, link search etc

- Improved how Youtube channel looks when clipped into Memotron.

- Improved markdown breadcrumbs when zoomed into lower headings

- Improved avatar picker responsiveness for typed collections

- Improved how pasting links inline and mentioning works and looks

- Improved collection description editor

- Added ability to resize web screenshot clips when embedded in a markdown

- Command mode improvements

    - Cmd mode now shows tabs bar and ability to go back to main cmd mode home page

    - Fixed an issue where some modal screens are not displaying as expected when in Cmd mode

- Improved how collection page title bar, search looks on mobile devices reducing cognitive load

- Added shortcut ```Cmd + Shift + S``` for saving when capturing

- Improved how collection capture shortcuts are shown on capture page

    - UI sizing improvements

    - Sort by recent use

- Significantly improved how tooltip information, date picker, avatar picker for collection avatar selection appears on mobile devices

- Improved the ability to add to a new collection on node page

- Improved - Add existing item to collection popup

- Added the ability to remove collection on touch devices on node page

- Improved search results styling - removed extra space after matched term

### Bug fixes

- Fixed a bug where typing Space into side notes if moving the cursor to the start of the notes

- Fixed a bug where zoom in button is not shown for headings when in read mode

- Fixed a bug where selecting a date for date property is not reflecting immediately when capturing

- Fixed delete link tag not working issue