---
title: v0.59.2
tags: [Improvements, Bug fixes]
---
<div align="right">Preview release - *June 4, 2025*</div>

# v0.59.2 [Preview release]

- Added global map view to view entries that has location alongside viewing all the nodes in graph view.
- Links, clips, notes now shows badges in the node bottom floating bar for a better visual cue to the user whether links or clips are present for the given node.
- Added support for `.heic` image files in markdown, image nodes, drag and drop etc which is a default image format on Apple devices
- `Cmd + Enter` shortcut for saving in capture
- Parent breadcrumbs for heading sub nodes will now be visible in search. This was rolled back earlier due to performance reasons.
- Improved how clips appear in clips panel of node
- Markdown
    - Improved indentation for list blocks
    - Mentions will now show avatars in markdown
    - Avatar will now show reliably on the top for markdown node
- Improved node bird view - graph page, added shortcuts to quickly switch between panels. (Use numbers 1,2 to switch)
- Improved user feedback for cases where user tries to open a node which no longer exists via url
- Improved opening behavior of nodes from pinned nodes app menu. The left panel of nodes will collapse on opening the right side panel of any node.
- Improve how date picker, tooltips etc show on mobile (as bottom sheet)
- Improved initial loading feedback on iOS and macOS devices
- Improved Google OAuth sign in performance
- Added the ability for users to set their typeface from among the given list of curated typefaces by 21n. Go to Settings → Appearance settings → Font.
- Improved app menu bar on desktop/laptop devices - with now having the option to pin or unpin, hide labels etc directly from the app menu bar.
- Improved user feedback for offline cases
- The app will notify users to update their app if an update is available for iOS and macOS. This is to ensure latest bug fixes and improvements are delivered to all users.
- Improved going back to Cmd home page using the same shortcut as cmd bar when in command mode of interaction
- `Q` shortcut to hide and show app menu labels along with the existing ability to completely hide the side menu bar is added
- Improved user feedback with improved tooltips, added information about hot keys and keyboard shortcuts across the app like app menu, top navigation bar etc.
- Improved performance for loading items in library page.
- Other small improvements


## Bug fixes

- Fixed a critical bug where dropping files or images etc when in capture was not working as expected.
- Fixed a bug where after deleting or archiving a markdown that has headings, the heading sub nodes are still showing as active
- Fixed an issue where deleting or archiving a web page was not marking the clips of the web page as inactive
- Fixed a bug where the number of links was showing incorrectly sometimes for web or media type nodes
- Fixed an issue where updating the avatar of a typed collection was not reflecting immediately to the nodes that are part of that typed collection
- Fixed an issue where global drag and drop widget is interfering with pasting text into calendar notes
- Improved loading time for node page, calendar notes and items in library
- Fixed the below bugs in markdown
    - Fixed an issue where the tooltip of inline mention in markdown was not going away upon click of the mention and navigating away
    - Fixed backspace in second or third line for paragraph or quote blocks wasn’t working as expected
    - Fixed an issue where tooltips were not showing for image embeds in markdown
    - Fixed image and file embed overflow issue in markdown
    - Fixed an issue where the resize handle for embed blocks like images was flickering too much when trying to resize the image
- Fixed unexpected behaviors when opening split while in pop up mode
- Fixed issues on node links panel where relations are not showing for mention links and links are not showing sometimes
- Fixed an issue where removing typed collection from the list of collections for a node is not removing the properties from visible properties section immediately.
- Fixed an issue where the avatar for nodes was cutting off a little on node thumbnails
- Fixed a bug where the iOS and macOS app is not loading beyond initial splash screen when not connected to the internet and closed from recent apps.
- Fixed a bug where the iOS and iPadOS is not responding when opening after keeping the app in the background for a long time
- Fixed a bug where in rare cases, Calendar information and Pointron analytics aren’t displaying due to missing time zone information
- Fixed a bug where the record count is not updated immediately on creation of new records in library for collection, goal etc.
- Fixed a bug where setting custom shortcut for keyboard wasn’t working as expected.

- Other minor bug fixes