---
title: v0.82.1
tags: [New, Bug fixes, Improvements]
---
<div align="right">*April 8, 2025*</div>


# v0.82.1
- Goal page now has analytics tab where a user can view analytics of a particular goal more granularly.
- Added back settings which were present in the earlier versions
    - Analytics settings - whether to include break in analytics calculation
    - Date time settings - ability to manually override timezone
    - Session settings - ability to set default break reminder duration
- Analytics improvements
    - Significant performance improvements for analytics charts especially for charts with large data volume and spanning across years
    - Added user feedback improvements for analytics cards when time period selection is incorrect or corrupt
    - Time period picker improvements for Analytics cards
- Manual time entry improvements
    - Improved manual logging design
    - Added ability to configure quick durations of manual focus logging. Go to settings → Focus → Quick duration options. Tip: You can drag to rearrange their position as well.
    - Previously used quick duration will now be auto selected on new entry
    - Previously used goals for manual logging will now showed under goal selector to make manual logging even more quicker
- Goal page improvements
    - Improved status changer action
    - Added the ability to rearrange goal tabs. User can now move tasks or properties tab to the front so that it will be activated by default
    - Switching between tabs is now saved in browser history so that navigating back will navigate to previous tab instead of closing the goal.
    - History tab → All sub tab nows shows basic history of the goal
    - Re-added the ability to expand and navigate to archived sub goals
    - Goal focus history can now be filtered whether to show or hide sub goals history
    - Goal page now also shows focus information if the goal is in focus with controls to take break or finish session
- Calendar overview tab now also shows the day’s breakdown of goals focused
- Added the ability for Picture-in-Picture to auto activate on focus start. To enable, go to Settings → Focus settings. Note: PiP is currently only available on web application.


### Bug fixes
- Fixed a bug where the focus data is showing incorrectly for entries closing to midnight due to incorrect timezone detection issue
- Fixed a bug where the analytics pages order is being reset on refresh
- Fixed a bug where the app is crashing when selecting date in relative mode or switching between modes for analytics card
- Fixed a bug where the total focus of a goal is not updated when a manual log is added in quick focus panel
- Fixed a bug where the total focus of a goal is not refreshing immediately on manual log entry
- Fixed a bug where clicking on `Go to today` in Year view in calendar wasn’t working as expected.
- Fixed a bug where old sub goals were incorrectly migrated from old version for existing users.
- Fixed a bug where archived sub goals are showing in sub goals panel - default layout when expanding the nesting
- Fixed an issue where the first item in focus items was not starting automatically on session start if the focus items only has one task with an associated goal.
- Fixed an issue where focus is incorrectly marked as break sometimes in cases when a single item is focused and the session is stopped quickly
- Fixed an UI issue where the name of the task is overlayed by due date on small screens