---
title: v0.82.4
tags: [Improvements, Bug fixes]
---
<div align="right">*June 5, 2025*</div>

# v0.82.4
> Rolling out now

- Added the ability to rearrange focus items and tasks inside a goal in focus items
- Added `Focus now` option for items in Pick from panel alongside existing `Add to focus items` for even faster addition and start of new tasks/goals.
- Completed goals will no longer be included in goal search when assigning a goal to a task and recently focused goals.
- Changed icon for goals for better understandability.
- Added the ability to even consider focus items that were focused and then removed from focus items during the session in analytics, etc
- Improved hover feedback and tooltips across the app, user feedback when copied markdown in think mode
- Improved tasks page design, individual task pop up and think page design
- Added a mini focus timer on the top nav bar to improve user feedback about current session if the user is on a different page and PiP is turned on.
- Completed tasks in calendar and pick from panel will now be hidden to only pending tasks to reduce the clutter. Completed tasks can be expanded from the bottom of the tasks list.
- Added an option to hide completed sub goals in goal page. This will be useful if the use case has many sub goals for a given goal at a time.
- Added the ability for users to set their typeface from among the given list of curated typefaces by 21n. Go to Settings → Appearance settings → Font.
- Improved app menu bar on desktop/laptop devices - with now having the option to pin or unpin, hide labels etc directly from the app menu bar.
- Improved user feedback for offline cases
- The app will notify users to update their app if an update is available for iOS and macOS. This is to ensure latest bug fixes and improvements are delivered to all users.
- Improved going back to Cmd home page using the same shortcut as cmd bar when in command mode of interaction
- `Q` shortcut to hide and show app menu labels along with the existing ability to completely hide the side menu bar is added
- Improved user feedback with improved tooltips, added information about hot keys and keyboard shortcuts across the app like app menu, top navigation bar etc.
- Improved performance for loading items in library page.
- Other small improvements


## Bug fixes

- Fixed a bug where scrolling to a previous year in the calendar with older alpha version data was crashing the app.
- Fixed a bug where removing a currently focusing item from focus items is not updating picture in picture correctly
- Fixed a bug where the think mode was not closable when not opened from full screen focus
- Fixed an issue where the the timeline was not refreshing immediately upon clicking delete of a session log
- Fixed bugs related to cover photo picker for collection creation
- Fixed an overflow issue in goal page when many properties are present and marked as always visible
- Fixed an issue where updating the task title in focus items is not updating the task title in picture in picture immediately if the task is in progress
- Fixed an issue where changing the goal name navigating from task thumbnail is not reflecting the new goal name immediately on the task thumbnail
- Fixed an issue where goal and sub goal colors weren’t showing when searching for a goal in task goal assigner
- Fixed an issue where clicking focus items in session history was unexpected marking the item as currently focusing
- Fixed session history page to preserve the nesting of tasks under each goal.
- Fixed an issue where a very long goal name is overflowing in task pop up when this goal is assigned to a task
- Fixed a critical bug where delete task is not working when clicked from the task pop up.
- Fixed an issue where the picture in picture is not showing goal color for tasks that has a goal with defined color.
- Fixed an issue where goal parent breadcrumbs were overflowing sometimes
- Fixed an issue where notes saved feedback was appearing even without editing the notes for focus notes
- Fixed a bug where the iOS and macOS app is not loading beyond initial splash screen when not connected to the internet and closed from recent apps.
- Fixed a bug where the iOS and iPadOS is not responding when opening after keeping the app in the background for a long time
- Fixed a bug where in rare cases, Calendar information and Pointron analytics aren’t displaying due to missing time zone information
- Fixed a bug where the record count is not updated immediately on creation of new records in library for collection, goal etc
- Fixed a bug where setting custom shortcut for keyboard wasn’t working as expected
- Other minor bug fixes