---
title: v0.83.2
tags: [Improvements, Bug fixes]
---
<div align="right">*Sep 26, 2025*</div>

- Improved `Esc` shortcut for closing popups where the escape shortcut was interfering with text box and other elements. Now you can use `Cmd/Ctrl + Esc` as the shortcut to close any pop-up in the application.
- Added a new shortcut to switch between tabs in any screen on the app. Just use `Tab` to switch between the tabs like in global search or tasks panel etc.
- Improved search results prioritization to show Markdown and other important node types first, and then show other less important search results at the end.
- Improved close button for resources when opened in full screen or on mobile devices.
- Improved UI responsiveness on initial onboarding screen.
- Improved goal page design to reduce cognitive load.
- Other UI and responsiveness improvements.

### Bug fixes
- Fixed a critical issue where the app was crashing since the last update when closing global search
- Fixed an issue where closing resources sometimes redirects to a blank page.
- Fixed an issue where, when collapsing the visible properties, the property count was showing as zero always.
- Fixed an issue where the tabs were unable to close on touch devices due to the lack of the ability to close the tab.
- Fixed an issue where creating a new collection would show the collection in global search, but upon click, it would not open the newly added collection.
- Fixed an issue where sometimes the properties count on the collection page was flickering.
- Fixed an issue where the cover photo picker for collection page wasn't showing properly for iPad devices when in portrait mode.
- Fixed an UI issue where changing date from the timeline in Calendar is scrolling the year view calendar repetitively
- Fixed an issue where when the app is in offline, the offline banner was covering the app menu in the bottom on mobile devices.
- Fixed critical issue where clicking on the goal name from task wasn't opening the goal page in the Mac OS app.
- Fixed an issue where deleting a session log from the calendar timeline is deleting the session properly but showing the toast message as "Failed to delete."
- Fixed UI issues on iPhone and iPad for focus and task pages.
- Other minor bug fixes.