---
title: v0.82.7
tags: [New, Improvements, Bug fixes]
---
<div align="right">*July 12, 2025*</div>


- Added the ability to move a sub-goal to another parent goal, convert a goal to sub-goal and vice-versa.
- Added the ability to drag select tasks and bulk edit tasks in calendar.
- Improved tasks panel on goal page to show task on the right side instead of pop-up.
- Added the ability to focus a task by pressing focus on hover options or from the context menu.
- Improved sub goals panel in goal page to show the completed goals count.
- Universal select property now has days of the week, months of the year options
- Added new fonts added in Appearance settings.
- For universal select property with too many options like language, country etc - recently used options will now show on the top to make it easier to select

## Bug fixes
- Fixed a bug where the manual time entry panel was crashing in cases where recently used goals were no longer available.
- Fixed an issue where switching focus to a different goal from quick focus was not properly completing the previously running focus session.
- Fixed a bug where creating a new single select property and then switching to universal select property and then switching back again to single select property would cause the property options to crash.
- Fixed an issue where creating a new collection with type extension and then creating another collection from link search results immediately would cause the new collection to use the old type extension configuration despite not explicitly setting it.
- Fix a bug where changing typeface was not working.